Whistles the "Theme from Andy Griffith" song.
[Kissing Sound]
Jeff: "Einstein? What's a Dog say?"
[horse sound]
Jeff: "No!"
Jeff: "What's a dog?
Einstein: [Turkey Gobble]
Jeff: "WHAT?"
"Meow!"
Jeff: "You know better than that!"
Einstein: "Horse!"
"You're so pretty!"
"Horse!"
[Horse sound]
Jeff: "Good Girl"
Jeff: "What's a kitty say?
Einstein: "Want some corn."
water gurgle sound.
Jeff:  "What are you doing?"
[GurgleSound]
Jeff: "Hey! What are you doing?"
Einstein: "It's Good!"
Jeff: Making a mess! You're making a mess! Einstein: Want some more!
Jeff: Wanna take a shower?
"Want some more!"
[Clanking sound]
Jeff: "What are you doing?"
[Gurgle/water Sound]
Jeff:  "What are you doing?"
"Weeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
"Ooooooooh!"
Fun!
Jeff: "Oh yeah?"
[Gurgle/water Sound]
"Whew!"
"It's Good!"
"Gimmie Kiss!" [KissingSound]
"Whew!"
"good"
"All Done!"
Hi! Sweet!
Jeff: "You're Sweet!"
"Whoo,whoo,whoo"
Jeff: "What's a horse say?"
So! Whoo!
Einstein: [Horse sound]
Jeff: "What's a kitty say?"
[Water sound]
Jeff: "It's water!"
Jeff: "Want a drink of water?"
"Want's some more!"
"All done!"
Jeff: "You're all done?"
"No more!"
Jeff: "OK!"
[chirp sound]
"Whoo,whoo,whoo"
Jeff: "You go bird!"
[Gurgle water sound]
Jeff: "You're making a mess!"
"Whoo!"
"Want some corn!"
"Whoop!"
[whistle]
"Eat some more!"
"Get down!"
"You're all wet!"
Jeff: "You're all wet!"
Einstein: "Look a you!"
Einstein: "You're all wet!"
"Want some corn!"
"Want some coff!"
Jeff: "Wanna take a shower?"
"Want some more!"
"No more!"
Jeff: "No more?"
[tweet]
Jeff: "Where's Marcia?"
Jeff: "Einstein?"
[Kissing sound]
Jeff: "Where's Marcia?"
"Come see me!"
Jeff: "You want her to come see you?"
[tweet]
[Kissing sound]
Jeff: "Einstein?
Einstein: [whistle]
Jeff: "What's a dog say?"
[Horse sound]
Jeff: "No!"
Jeff: "What's a dog say?"
[Horse sound]
Jeff: "No, that's a horse."
"Bombs Away!"
Jeff: "You have to go bombs away?"
Jeff: "Right now?"
"What doin?"
Jeff: "I'm taking your picture."
"Gimme a kiss!"
[Kissing sound]
"Let's go take a shower"
Jeff: "No, It's too late."
Einstein: "Let's go eat some corn."
Jeff: "No, you already ate dinner."
[chirp]
Jeff: "You wanna go flying?"
Whistles the "Theme from Andy Griffith" song.
Jeff: "Can you sing, I'm singing in the rain?"
Jeff: "I'm singing in the rain."
Einstein: "I'm singin' ♫♪♫"
Jeff: "I'm What?"
"Whoo!"
Jeff: "I'm singing in the rain."
[Whistles a few notes]
Jeff: "♫♪♫ I'm sing"
Einstein: "♫♪♫ Sooooooo"
Jeff: "♫♪♫ I'm singing in the rain ♪♫"
[tweet]
"You're a good parrot!"
Jeff: "Thank you! So are you!"
"Want some coff."
Jeff: "Want some coffee?"
"coff"
Jeff: "coffee."
"Horse"
Jeff: "Horse"
[Horse sound]
Jeff: "Good Girl!"
"Gimme Kiss, [Kiss sound]"
Jeff: "What does Santa say?"
Einstein: [Whistles]
Jeff: "Listen."
Jeff: "What does Santa say?"
"Horse"
Jeff: "No!"
"Whoooooo!"
Jeff: "What does Santa say?"
"Good Girl!"
Jeff: "Yeah!"
Jeff: "What does Santa say?"
Einstein: Whistles the first couple notes of Andy Griffith Theme Song.
Jeff: "No, That's Andy Griffith."
Einstein: "Bombs Away"
"Your really good sweetie!"
"OK?"
Jeff: "OK"
Einstein: "Be a good bird, sweetie."
"We'll see you later."
Jeff: "We'll see you later."
Jeff: Where ya goin'?"
[Water gurgle]
"Let's go take a shower."
Jeff: "Go take a shower? You can take a shower right there."
"I'm sing ♫♪♫"
Jeff: "♫♪♫ I'm singing in the rain ♪♫"
"What waters"
"OK?"
Jeff: "What's a kitty say?"
[Horse sound]
Jeff: "No!"
Jeff: "What's a turkey say?"
"Gobble, gobble, gobble!"
Jeff: "That's right!"
"Good Girl!"
"Good Sweetie."
Jeff: "Good Sweetie!"
"Let's go take a shower."
Jeff: "Sorry."
Einstein: "It's OK."
Jeff: "Sorry"
Einstein: "All done."
"All done."
"Let's go!"
"UP!"
"Good Girl"
"Let's go take a shower!"
Jeff: "Sorry."
Einstein: "All done!"
"Bombs Away!  Let's go fly! Wheeeee!
"Let's go take a shower!"
Jeff: "Here we go!"
"Let's Go!"
Jeff: "Ready?"
"Ready?"
Jeff: Makes a whistle sound.
Einstein: "Ready?"
Jeff: "Ready? Let's go!"
Einstein: "Let's go!"
Jeff: "Why don't you come see me?"
"Come see me!"
Jeff: "OK!"
Einstein: "UP!"
Jeff: "Here we go!"
Jeff: "UP!"
Jeff: "Good Girl!"